You offended Mr. Li
Make us lose the project
What are you doing here?
Do you still think we haven't suffered enough?
I offended Mr. Li
Just brains like yours
So stupid listen to me tell you
What the hell are you talking to me?
I have no relationship with the Bai family now
The house is just
How do I raise it?
You can't do this
There is time to deliver after doing business requirements
Right
We're also going to your old lady's birthday party
Hmph, even if it is a phoenix today
Don't make any moths for me later
Otherwise, I could have let you go
Xiao Ou, I'm also here to smoke today
delay
Today is Mrs. Li's hand
Cigarettes are not just random cigarettes for cats and dogs
Just cats and dogs like you
If so, I'll feed a kitten and a puppy
Just like you, you can grab anything that is inferior to pigs and dogs.
Why can't I call myself a girl?
Hey
uncle
You left the Bai family with nothing
It's just a joke
I went to great lengths to get 4
Can you get it?
What else do I have?
Also say
He doesn't really have an invitation, does he?
That's impossible.
Those invited away from home are all military leaders with faces
I went to great lengths to get it.
How could he possibly do it these years?
Brother, let's go help my sister.
He deserves it if he gets pulled over by security and kicked out
How could this be?